[Routing][Security] Document the `LogoutRouteLoader` (#19000)
symfony/symfony-docs: security.rst

            $mainFirewall = $security->firewall('main');
            // ...
            $mainFirewall->logout()
                ->path('/logout')

                // where to redirect after logout
                // ->target('app_any_route')
            ;
        };

> Symfony will then un-authenticate users navigating to the configured ``path``,
> and redirect them to the configured ``target``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Symfony will then un-authenticate users navigating to the configured ``path``,
and redirect them to the configured ``target``. You can generate URLs to this
path using the ``_security_<firewallname>`` route name (e.g. ``_security_main``).
```

Author: Shouldn’t the `LogoutUrlGenerator` be mentioned instead?

> If your project uses :ref:`Symfony Flex <symfony-flex>`, you're all set:
> the :class:`Symfony\\Bundle\\SecurityBundle\\Routing\\LogoutRouteLoader` will
> automatically register a route for every logout URI you configured!
> Otherwise, you can enable this behavior yourself by importing the
> ``security.route_loader.logout`` service as a routing resource:

Reviewer: The logout route loader is a bit of an implementation detail that I would not mention in the docs (it only makes things complicated).

```suggestion
If your project does not use :ref:`Symfony Flex <symfony-flex>`, make sure
you have imported the logout route loader in your routes:
```

Author: I can avoid mentioning the `LogoutRouteLoader` but wouldn’t it be better to explain what it does?

Reviewer: Let's see what other documentors think about this, but I would say: no.

Our documentation is often focused on the non-seasoned developer, especially the main guides like this one. Mentioning advanced unrelated topics (i.e. route loaders in a security guide) can be very confusing for people that want to learn how to secure their Symfony applications.
For seasoned devs that do understand all the concepts and want to know what is generating this logout URL, the shown routing config should give enough hints to find this class based on the service ID.

As we have rather low resources on documentation, we favor not spending much resources on helping seasoned developers that know how to find their way in the Symfony source.

Reviewer 2: Let's go with Wouters' decision here 👍

            $mainFirewall = $security->firewall('main');
            // ...
            $mainFirewall->logout()
                ->path('/logout')

                // where to redirect after logout
                // ->target('app_any_route')
            ;
        };

Symfony will then un-authenticate users navigating to the configured ``path``,
and redirect them to the configured ``target``. You can generate URLs to this

> path using the ``_security_<firewallname>`` route name (e.g. ``_security_main``).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
path using the ``_logout_<firewallname>`` route name (e.g. ``_logout_main``).
```
I came across this change when updating the recipes for my app, and noticed that the documentation is not yet merged, and it is not fully correct. Using `_logout_main` works for me.

Author: Good catch thanks!

I'm not even sure this needs to be documented though as we should use the LogoutUrlGenerator (see https://github.com/symfony/symfony-docs/pull/19000#discussion_r1360445595).

I'll push your edit in the meantime.

Reviewer 3: Ok, thanks for updating. How do you expect to use the `LogoutUrlGenerator` in a Twig template? That's where I had to change the route name...

Author: You should be able to use `logout_path` or `logout_url`; see https://symfony.com/doc/current/reference/twig_reference.html#logout-path

Reviewer 3: That's awesome, I didn't know about this Twig function! Thanks for showing me 😄

            ;
        };

``path`` can be either a route name, or a URI.

> Since Symfony 6.4, you can leverage the

Reviewer 4: We should remove `Since Symfony 6.4,` in sentence. Upmerging in 7.0 is with only the drop of the versionadded directive

:class:`Symfony\\Bundle\\SecurityBundle\\Routing\\LogoutRouteLoader`
to automatically register a route for every logout URI you configured.
If your project uses :ref:`Symfony Flex <symfony-flex>`,
this is already done for you.
Otherwise, you need to import the ``security.route_loader.logout`` service

> as a routing resource:

Reviewer 4: With your PR, configure logout is now super easy. I think docs must reflect this.

What do you think to tell first: if you have flex is enough (I'm not sure but most of people use it right ?). 

Then explain more complex cases ?

Author: Hm that's how I wanted it but it seems to have failed 😅 

Flex is mentioned first, then how to manually use the `LogoutRouteLoader`, then how to do without it (if you need to internationalize logout URIs e.g.)

As I'll have some rewording to do with https://github.com/symfony/symfony-docs/pull/19000#discussion_r1359909741 I'll try to make this simpler.

Author: WDYT of https://github.com/symfony/symfony-docs/pull/19000/commits/162ce755beae7364832b3051d7fa89674a4b47d4?

    The :class:`Symfony\\Bundle\\SecurityBundle\\Routing\\LogoutRouteLoader` was
    introduced in Symfony 6.4.

Another option is to configure ``path`` as a route name, which can be useful if
you want logout URIs to be translated according to the current locale e.g.
In that case, you have to create this route yourself.

> Note that it doesn't need a controller, because it wouldn't be called anyways:

Reviewer: This seems a true edge case, I would create a separate "Customizing the Logout Path" section after "Customizing Logout" with this content.

        class SecurityController extends AbstractController
        {
            #[Route([
                'en' => '/logout',
                'fr' => '/deconnexion'

>             ], name: 'app_logout', methods: ['GET'])]

Reviewer: Then, let's also remove the PHP attribute example. Only truely advanced Symfony users will need to define their own logout route now. They understand how to create a route using the PHP attribute, so we can be a bit more strict to ourselves and comply with "Note that it doesn't need a controller, because it wouldn't be called anyways"

Author: So, does https://github.com/symfony/symfony-docs/pull/19000/commits/b904ca9c15f4b16bf83ff92d0f355340347d5467 solve this and https://github.com/symfony/symfony-docs/pull/19000#discussion_r1360404108?
